assistente-virtual-frontend/README.md, before:

This is a [Next.js](https://nextjs.org/) project bootstrapped with [`create-next-app`](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/tree/canary/packages/create-next-app).

## Getting Started

First, run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
# or
yarn dev
```

Open [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) with your browser to see the result.

You can start editing the page by modifying `pages/index.js`. The page auto-updates as you edit the file.

[API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) can be accessed on [http://localhost:3000/api/hello](http://localhost:3000/api/hello). This endpoint can be edited in `pages/api/hello.js`.

The `pages/api` directory is mapped to `/api/*`. Files in this directory are treated as [API routes](https://nextjs.org/docs/api-routes/introduction) instead of React pages.

## Learn More

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs) - learn about Next.js features and API.
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn) - an interactive Next.js tutorial.

You can check out [the Next.js GitHub repository](https://github.com/vercel/next.js/) - your feedback and contributions are welcome!

## Deploy on Vercel

The easiest way to deploy your Next.js app is to use the [Vercel Platform](https://vercel.com/new?utm_medium=default-template&filter=next.js&utm_source=create-next-app&utm_campaign=create-next-app-readme) from the creators of Next.js.

Check out our [Next.js deployment documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment) for more details.

Commit message:

base backend and change all frontend

assistente-virtual-frontend/README.md, after:

# React JS Landing Page Template

**

# 🛎️🛎️ Good news! New & improved [V2](https://github.com/issaafalkattan/react-landing-page-template-2021) is out  

**


### <a href="https://react-landing-page-template.herokuapp.com">LIVE DEMO</a> 

## Description
This is a ReactJS based landing page template, fit for a startup company/service with a one page view. The design is inspired by a template from <a href="https://www.free-css.com/assets/files/free-css-templates/preview/page234/interact/">Free-CSS.com </a>
All 'visual' data can be easily modified by changing the data.json file.

## Make it Yours!
### 1. Preps
You will need to have <a href="https://nodejs.org/">Node JS</a> installed on your pc. 

### 2. Clone Files
After cloning the files, you will have to run ```yarn``` followed by ```yarn start``` in the CLI
### 3. Add your own data 
Change the data in the ```data.json``` file as well as add any images to ```public/img/```
You can also change styles by modifying the ```public/css``` files.


## Like this project?
<a href="https://www.buymeacoffee.com/issaaf">Buy my a coffee ☕️</a>

## Credits
##### Free CSS 
<a href="https://www.free-css.com/assets/files/free-css-templates/preview/page234/interact/">Free-CSS.com </a>

##### Issaaf kattan
